[Update] links to information views (#1135)
timescale/docs: api/remove_compression_policy.md

## remove_compression_policy() <tag type="community" content="community" />

> If you need to remove the compression policy. To re-start policy-based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to remove the compression policy. To restart policy-based
```

> compression again you need to re-add the policy. To view the policies that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compression you need to add the policy again. To view the policies that
```
